# Haskell Programming from First Principles

I'm working through Chris Allen and Julie Moronuki's [Haskell Book](http://haskellbook.com/authors.html) and posting my attempts at each exercise here as I go.

I'm a university student studying Environmental Policy and learning programming on the side for my own enjoyment and edification. The first programming language I started working with was Javascript, because it felt the most *useful*, but I rapidly began to feel frustrated and confused. I constantly felt like my conceptual understanding was outpacing my ability and it was taking me forever to feel comfortable working on my own projects. Eventually I decided to throw out the usefulness idea and just try and learn whatever excited me most, and that came down to Clojure or Haskell. Clojure looks great but it seemed like the Java relationship might make it a bit heavier to take on as a beginner. So far Haskell is really fascinating to learn, and much more straightforward than JS was. The line between conceptual and practical is almost nonexistent, due to the simplicity of Haskell's syntax and the way idiomatic Haskell tends to mirror what is actually happening inside the compiler. Chris and Julie's book is really helping with this, because they aren't afraid to explain how something works while they are showing you how to do it. I prefer this approach to learning, explaining how and why something works the way it does as early as is reasonable, so I can follow along as concepts get more complex.

All the exercises here of course belong to the authors, and since their book is still under development, exercise solutions may be inaccurate by the time you see this. I only have exercises from the end of Chapter 8 onward included here for now, and have only included the exercises that are mostly about coding your own responses to prompts or problems given by the author.
